ouch sorry he just got a head shot a
bailar accuracy international l96 sniper
rifle and as you can see it's basically
the main point of this video obviously
and before I start off on this video I
just want to say that few words about
this gun this probably is ghost in our
top five or top three or maybe even the
hardest guy we have ever built only
because it's a stick grip and the design
itself was super hard to like make
incorporate into lego but also this is
our favourite sniper rifle and we were
really determined to make it and
actually believe it or not took us
around a year to make it only because um
we had an idea we built it it didn't
work out we trashed it go back to square
one repeat maybe like 50 times until you
finally got it right which is what you
see here today and yell just break it up
for you anyways so while he's breaking
it up I'm going to be um just saying
some history about it and raise okay
okay i'm going to be doing some history
about it so course is made by british so
thumbs up to our UK turns over there
yeah fans so um it's made by de british
also it's the full name is accuracy
international Arctic warfare online six
so it's a huge mouth a lot of just to
say anyways we just called the l 96 and
of courses are many many variants like
the elbow 15 l 118 and all those other
ones also i think it's the it holds the
world record for the most longest
distance kill so yeah I think I've made
uh I think my guy forgive me young
Canadian got a Canadian guy but
Afghanistan or Iraq it anyways so yeah
without further ado we're going to be
doing it and that's the 10 2 4 6 8 or 11
pieces you'll need um so yeah I'll just
get started so i'll be making the stock
in the head rest for you guys and
basically you just put these two pieces
together and cameraman you can please
follow my news so if yours can see what
I'm doing
and just put that there then I put this
here this will hold the the scope / bull
bull yes I'm getting there and then this
will serve as a magazine and as you can
tell this is kind of similar tour um I'm
200 intervention sniper that rifle
sniper rifle with up 200 is pretty
popular Ross indistinct that there and
take this piece this claw and you put it
on here slide it down take this piece
and put it like this let's put that
aside and we'll make the scope and the
scope simply take another one of this
piece and stake this piece in it like
that and put it in at the top like this
so here you have your bolt and this is
where the hardest part comes you take
this hand and as usual LOL 96 it can be
any color you want if you don't have the
track pieces or you don't have the
correct color totally fine you know no
one's gonna die smooth luck at the end
and you just basically just slide it up
like that to make the grip so as usual
our sniper rifle can hold the bipod in
that space right there but we decided
not to put it in this video for reasons
actually we just don't like it anyway so
I didn't see um this is our finished
product and yeah here it is here's what
it looks like on a minifigure will be
showing some pictures probably right now
no right now because I need to show what
it looks like my mini for you before we
can show the pictures yeah maybe guys
can I
sorry about that i'll just hitting the
cameraman for being a bubble and as you
can see here is our finished product and
also please subscribe and like and do
anything that will help us out because
it really means a lot for us like for
you you just sit back and watch the
video and it's done in three minutes but
for us each video takes around it so
it's like a three hour process and time
it takes for us to think and build
weapons is a lot of time so we really
put a lot of effort and love into our
video so liking it and doing all that
viewer stuff would really mean the world
to us and yeah so I think that's my red
there or like lecture I'm liking stuff
and supporting your favorite YouTube or
Lego annabeth and yeah we will probably
have pictures scrolling around now and
yeah so anyways hope you guys enjoyed
this video and I would you like on
favorite and subscribe so Lego adalat
out